Tetris, Super Stardust, Katamari Damacy

Game Concept Description

[Not edited in yet: You are a second in command of a multinational multibillion
dollar pharmaceutical company. You want to be first in command. It would be
nice if the CEO had an accident. Through black market channels in the
biowarfare market you acquire a nanorobot that can be controlled from a short
distance along with the plans for a deadly virus. You spread a paste on the
coffee cup rim of the CEO as you enter the room for a long board meeting. He
drinks it, you sit down, and take out your phone. You plug it into the
controller box, and a small world comes into focus. You have 45 minutes to do
the deed.]

You are the controller of a powerful nanobot, flitting about the surface of a
partially constructed spherical virus in a human body. Your purpose is sinister
and the body that you are infecting is trying desperately to stop the
construction! Enzymes form out of the fluid and latch on to the virus shell,
starting to rip it apart. You position your ship close and fire your weapons to
cut the enzyme into pieces!  As the pieces float away, you notice that a few
broken sections of the enzyme will fit just right into the virus you are
building. You latch onto the desperately needed particles, keeping your eye on
a fuzzy flock of odd shapes coming near, and fit them just into place before a
barrage of antibodies flies into your space.  Frantic dodging on the surface of
the virus and wild firing prevent the destruction of your mission. However a
large chunk of your work gets damaged and floats off into the plasma. You'll
have to work harder to rebuild that section. After several more minutes, you've
built the deadly RNA and the geometric shell of the virus has been completed!
If only you are able to pilot the the virus to a pancreas cell just a few dozen
micrometers away! 

Surviving a blinding attack by much larger antibodies, you blast a lesion onto
the pancreatic cell and attach the virus to the cell wall. The virus enters the
cell and the cell starts twisting and contorting as the virus locates the
nucleus and injects its payload. You now have 2 minutes to build up your
weaponry and shipsize by scavanging amino acids and bits and pieces from
attacking enzymes.  If you fail to achieve the correct size before the virus
takes over the cell, then you can't protect the cell from destruction and you
will fail!  After a final customization of a stolen offensive weapon from an
antibody into your robot, you grow in size and the cell becomes malignent. As
the cell starts reproducing wildly, the surrounding cells notice the chemical
change and send in a request for heavier reinforcements.

If you want your mission to succeed and this person to die, this cancer must
reach at least 5000 cells in size in 10 minutes. Edgy with anticipation and
sweating bullets, you see legions of white blood cells flood out of the
surrounding tissue crawling towards your doom. 

...

[ The Boss Fight ]

Through the haze of fried cytoplasm and broken nuclei--wreckage of the hundreds
of thousands of white blood cells around you, a vast inrush of plasma occurs.
You and your deadly cargo are shunted through a tube from the pancreas to a
large lymph node for disassembly by the body. White blood cells form into
chains and rake across you and your cargo. You stand on the fire button trying
to break the assault. In a few minutes, special pods at the edge of the lymph
node swell, come close to you, open, and a second later specific antigens are
released in a gush of destruction. These attackers have shields on them, are
impossibly difficult to destroy, and you see they are made from pieces of
previous attackers you had destroyed! The lymph node is learning how to kill
you! 

After a few more devastating attacks, you notice that the cancer has become
large enough that you can remove small pieces of it and fling them in a
direction.  These cancer missles are invariably destroyed by the surrounding
attackers, but there is something about how those pods work that puts a gleam
in your eye!  Realizing the solution, the CEO is as good as DEAD!  Only a
million shielded antigens tuned for your destruction stand in your way!


